1. Write a brief summary about I2C protocol.
  
  ● I2C combines the best features of SPI and UARTs. With I2C, you can connect multiple slaves to a single master (like SPI) and you can have multiple masters controlling single, or multiple slaves.
  ● Like UART communication, I2C only uses two wires to transmit data between devices:
      •SDA (Serial Data) – The line for the master and slave to send and receive data.
      •SCL (Serial Clock) – The line that carries the clock signal.
  ● I2C is a serial communication protocol, so data is transferred bit by bit along a single wire (the SDA line).
  ● Like SPI, I2C is synchronous, so the output of bits is synchronized to the sampling of bits by a clock signal shared between the master and the slave. The clock signal is always controlled by the master.
  
2. Write short text about, pull up resistor, pull down resistor, open drain, active low, active high.

◆ Pull up/down resisters:
  ● These are the resisters that are used in digital circuits, to pull the voltage level in digital inputs, equivalent to the level of VCC(pull up) or to thr ground(pull down).
  ● These resister's value can be calculated depending on which logic family that the digital circuit belongs to. 
  ● Also these resisters plays important role in communication protocols like I2C,etc.
  
◆ Open drain:
  ● An open drain is a common type of output found on many integrated circuits (IC), which behaves like a switch that is either connected to ground or disconnected. 
  ● In order to achieve a logical high output on the line, a pull-up resistor is used to connect the open-drain output to the desired output voltage level.
  
◆ Active low - the required functions gets done when input is in low state
◆ Active high -the required functions gets done when input is in high state

3. Short text about Linux booting process and the role of Kernel.
◆ The following are the 6 high level stages of a typical linux boot process.
   BIOS-->MBR-->GRUB-->Kernel-->Init-->Runlevel
◆ Kernel:
   ● The kernel is often referred to as the core of any operating system, Linux included. It has complete control over everything in your system.
   ● In this stage of the boot process, the kernel that was selected by GRUB first mounts the root file system that's specified in the grub.conf file. Then it executes the /sbin/init program, which is always the first program to be executed. You can confirm this with its process id (PID), which should always be 1.
   ● The kernel then establishes a temporary root file system using Initial RAM Disk (initrd) until the real file system is mounted.
   
4. Text about first impression on Zephyr RTOS.
   ● The Zephyr Project is a scalable real-time operating system (RTOS) supporting multiple hardware architectures, optimized for resource constrained devices, and built with security in mind.
   ● The Zephyr OS is based on a small-footprint kernel designed for use on resource-constrained systems: from simple embedded environmental sensors and LED wearables to sophisticated smart watches and IoT wireless gateways.
   ● The Zephyr kernel supports multiple architectures, including ARM Cortex-M, Intel x86, ARC, Nios II, Tensilica Xtensa, and RISC-V, and a large number of supported boards.
